c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\AuthenticationTestApp.dll.config
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\AuthenticationTestApp.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\AuthenticationTestApp.pdb
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\obj\Debug\AuthenticationTestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\obj\Debug\AuthenticationTestApp.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\obj\Debug\AuthenticationTestApp.pdb
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\burton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AuthenticationTestApp\AuthenticationTestApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
